Update comparison page (#236)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/polkadot/node/guides/validator-payout.md

Your payout = (p / v) * 1 = (8 / 4) * 2 = 4
```

With enough stake, you could run more than two validators. However, each validator must have enough stake behind it to be in the validator set.

The incentives of the system favor equally-staked validators. This will most likely be a dynamic, rather than static, equilibrium. Potential validators will run different numbers of validators and apply different amounts of stake to them as time goes on, and in response to the actions of other validators on the network.

## Slashing

Although rewards are paid equally, slashes are relative to a validator's stake. Therefore, if you do have enough DOTs to run multiple validators, it is in your best interest to do so. A slash of 30% will, of course, be more DOTs for a validator with 18 DOTs staked than one with 9 DOTs staked.

> Running multiple validators does not absolve you of the consequences of misbehavior. Polkadot punishes attacks that appear coordinated more severly than individual attacks. You should not, for example, run multiple validators hosted on the same infrastructure. A proper multi-validator configuration would ensure that they do not fail simultaneously.

Author: ```suggestion
Running multiple validators does not absolve you of the consequences of misbehavior. Polkadot punishes attacks that appear coordinated more severely than individual attacks. You should not, for example, run multiple validators hosted on the same infrastructure. A proper multi-validator configuration would ensure that they do not fail simultaneously.
```

Nominators have the incentive to nominate the lowest-staked validator, as this will result in the lowest risk and highest reward.

## Nominators and Validator Payments

Nominated stake allows you to "vote" for validators and share in the rewards (and slashing) without running a validator node yourself. Validators can choose to keep part of their rewards to "reimburse" themselves for the cost of running a validator node. Other than that, all rewards are shared based on the stake behind each validator. This includes the stake of the validator itself, plus any stake bonded by nominators.

> > **NOTE:** A validator sets his preference in DOTs, _not_ a percentage of the reward. Polkadot's block reward is based on the _total_ amount at stake, with the reward peaking at 50%. This means that in periods of lower reward, the validator's payout preference could mean that there is zero left over for nominators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** A validator sets their preference in DOTs, _not_ a percentage of the reward. Polkadot's block reward is based on the _total_ amount at stake, with the reward peaking when the amount staked is at 50% of the total supply. In periods when there is a lower amount staked, and therefore lower rewards, the validator's payout preference could mean that there is zero left over for nominators.
```
